{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f28\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f29\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f31\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f32\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f33\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f34\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f35\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f37\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f39\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author Passport Office}{\operator Passport Office}{\creatim\yr2005\mo11\dy1\hr10\min35}{\revtim\yr2005\mo11\dy1\hr10\min35}
{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords1634}{\nofchars9316}{\*\company Government of Canada}{\nofcharsws11440}{\vern8229}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 Klinn's Electro-Shock Custom RCT3 Building Set
\par }{\f1\fs16 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs16\ul Introduction}{\f1\fs16 
\par 
\par This is a set of custom walls, roofs, and other odd bits created for use with Roller Coaster Tycoon 3. It has been updated to work with the Wild expansion pack, as well as the original RCT3 and the Soaked expansion.
\par 
\par Many of the pieces were originally created for my \lquote ElectroShock Coaster\rquote  but I\rquote ve added a few new ones too. If you want to see what these custom buildings look like in action, there are some video clips on my site:
\par http://www.designamatic.com/RCT3-Movies.html
\par 
\par You can also see some screenshots showing how to use this set along with other tips on this page: http://www.designamatic.com/RCT3-CustomBuildings.html
\par 
\par Custom scenery has only become possible thanks to the hard work of JonWil, who analysed RCT3\rquote s files and created utilities to import objects into the game. A huge round of applause should be sent his way.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs16\ul Caution!}{\f1\fs16 
\par 
\par Creating and using custom RCT3 objects is still at the experimental stage. While these parts have been tested and should not cause any problems, by using them you are assuming all risk should something corrupt your R
oller Coaster Tycoon 3 installation or your parks. Don\rquote t expect any help from Atari or Frontier if things go bad, they will not support a game modified with third-party fan add-ons. Only use this set if you are comfortable mucking around with RCT3
\rquote s files. These custom parts were developed and tested  on the North American retail release of Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 complete with Soaked expansion. They should work just as well on other versions, but there are no guarantees. If you\rquote 
re not confident in your ability to recover from tinkering with RCT3\rquote s files, then don\rquote t.
\par 
\par Still with us? OK, below are tips on how to install and use the custom wall set.
\par 
\par  
\par }{\b\f1\fs16\ul Installation & Uninstalling}{\f1\fs16 
\par 
\par Save the ElectroSet Setup program anywhere on your computer, then double-click on it to install the custom scenery pack.
\par 
\par To uninstall, go to the Windows Control Panel and double-click on "Add Or Remove Programs". Select "Klinn's ElectroSet Version 2"  from the list and click the "Remove" button
\par 
\par After deleting the custom scenery\rquote s folder, if you load a park which included items from the set, it should load OK but of course the custom buildings will be gone.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs16\ul Using the Custom Building Set}{\f1\fs16 
\par 
\par On my site is a page which includes some screen shots to help show how the parts fit together, plus other tips on using them. For details visit
\par http://www.designamatic.com/RCT3-CustomBuildings.html
\par 
\par Start up a new sandbox park or custom scenario and open the walls section of the scenery list. Make sure you don\rquote t have the Sci-Fi theme filtered out, since that\rquote s where my ElectroSet appears.
\par 
\par Scroll down through the wall sets until you see \lquote Klinn\rquote s ElectroSet\rquote . Open up the group and you\rquote ll see the pieces included in the ElectroSet:
\par 
\par     - Electro Wall Curved 01 - a basic curved wall.
\par     - Electro Wall Curved 02 - as above but with a circular entrance.
\par     - Electro Roof Curved 01 - fits on top of either curved wall.
\par     - Electro Roof Curved 02 - used where two roofs come together.
\par     - Electro Roof Cap 01 - plugs the hole in center of curved roof sections.
\par     - Electro Roof Cap 02 - same, but shows where to place Electro Post 01 on top.
\par     - Electro Filler 01 - if use reverse-curve walls, fills in gap.
\par     - Electro Tube 01 - fits between one Electro Curved Wall 02\rquote s opening and another.
\par     - Electro Tube Frame 01 - place over top of tube to \lquote support\rquote  it.
\par     - Electro Tube 02 - small tube, size of RCT3's standard wall.
\par     - Electro Tube Frame 02 - place over top of tube 02 to \lquote support\rquote  it.
\par     - Electro Girder 01 - vertical triangular framework section, stackable.
\par     - Electro Girder 02 - horizontal framework section, add more sections onto the ends.
\par     - Electro Post 01 - vertical electrical post, can add firework effects.
\par     - Electro Post 02 - horizontal electrical post, can add firework effect.
\par 
\par As you select and place the custom objects, you\rquote ll see a couple of differences compared to the normal RCT3 items.
\par 
\par First, while you\rquote ll get a ghost image of the object itself, there\rquote 
s only one blue square on the ground to help you gauge its position. To get around this, I sometimes swing my viewpoint almost directly overhead and get the object in the right spot, hold the left Shift key 
down while swinging my viewpoint back down to ground level, and slide the object up and down as required. It can be a little tricky when working on a large building, try not to curse the custom objects too much.
\par 
\par Secondly, there is no collision detection - you can place the objects anywhere, even overlapping each other. This can make it harder to stack wall sections. They won\rquote t jump up to the top of the previous one; you\rquote 
ll have to raise them to the right height yourself.
\par 
\par Four of the curved walls make a co
mplete circular building, but there are many other ways of combining them. You can flip a wall around so it curves the other way and it will match up with other walls. If you place a reverse-curve wall above a regular one, there will be a gap between them
. Fill this in with the Electro Filler 01 panel. The same filler works up under a curved roof that overhangs a reversed wall.
\par 
\par The centre hole in a roof can be filled with either style of Electro Roof Cap. These can be positioned so they\rquote re snuggly fitted i
nto the roof, or raised one notch to reveal a ring detail. Electro Roof Cap 02 has some ribs on it to help show where an Electro Post 01 can be positioned on top. I tend to leave the roof caps off until after I build walkways or coaster tracks through the
 buildings. In fact, you can even thread a steep or vertical coaster track right through the center hole.
\par 
\par The Electro Tube has two parts, the translucent glass and the tube framework. Place one of each in the same spot to complete the set. Tubes can connect walls that are various distances apart by floating closely in between or overlapping as needed.
\par 
\par You may notice that when roller coasters go through the tubes, the coaster cars disappear. The peeps are still there, so it looks like they are floating along the track. Looks fine when riding the coaster, it\rquote 
s only from the outside that the cars temporarily disappear.
\par 
\par The vertical Electro Post 01 occupies a quarter tile. This allows you place a fireworks mortar within it to make the \lquote electrical  discharge\rquote  effect. Use the \lquote KLN-ElectroPost01.frw\rquote 
 firework and attach it to the mortar. If you place two of these posts close together, on either side of a coaster track for example, you can hide a fireworks mortar in the top sphere of one post and have it  shoot an 
electrical effect over to the other post. Use either the \lquote KLN-ElectroPost02-0.frw\rquote , \lquote KLN-ElectroPost02-90.frw\rquote ,  \lquote KLN-ElectroPost02-180.frw\rquote , or \lquote KLN-ElectroPost02-270.frw\rquote 
 firework depending on which direction (angle) the effect should  travel.
\par 
\par Electro Post 02 fits between two closely spaced buildings, either with or without circular openings. Hide a mortar inside and use \lquote KLN-ElectroPost03-0.frw\rquote , \lquote KLN-ElectroPost03-90.frw\rquote , \lquote KLN-ElectroPost03-180.frw\rquote 
, or \lquote KLN-ElectroPost03-270.frw\rquote  to get the electrical discharge effect across the post. Again, which fireworks effect you use depends on the direction (angle) you want it to  travel.
\par 
\par Any time you place a mortar, you\rquote ll have to make sure it\rquote s on the right quarter tile to line up with the Electro Post. It takes a bit of practice until you get used to it.
\par 
\par The two girder sections are pretty easy to use. Just stack the vertical one (Electro Girder 01) as high as you want. The  horizontal one (Electro Girder 02) can be extended by adding sections onto either end. To finish the end that doesn\rquote 
t have the triangle of struts, just flip the last piece around so it overlaps the previous section. Like all the custom objects, there is no collision detection, so you can overlap pieces freely, embed them in walls or the gr
ound and so on. You'll find even more girders in my new 'Framework' custom scenery pack, also available from my site.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs16\ul Known Issues
\par }{\f1\fs16 
\par - The walls aren\rquote t true \lquote wall\rquote  objects in the sense that they don\rquote t automatically flip around as you move them close to the edges of the ground grid squares. Just use the regular \lquote Z\rquote 
 key to rotate them to the correct orientation, then place in position.
\par 
\par - The textures are still rather screwy in some places. But since they\rquote re quite faint, it\rquote s not too noticeable.
\par 
\par - There are some weird small dark or light triangles or blobs on the objects. This may be caused by smoothing errors introduced by the format of the mesh file. Experimentation continues.
\par 
\par - Roller coasters may disappear when they travel through the translucent tubes. With some coasters, only the trailing cars vanish. For other types, all cars disappear. Only the peeps and the coaster wheels remain, so it looks like they are floating along 
the track. It looks fine when you\rquote re riding a coaster, it\rquote 
s only from the outside that the glitch appears. This could be an obscure rendering optimization built into the game, or it could be due to the drivers used for specific video cards, hard to say.
\par 
\par - The curved roof and roof cap pieces are still a little polygon-heavy. When you\rquote re building, be sure to test the park with peeps in it every once in a while to make sure it hasn\rquote t slowed down unacceptably.
\par 
\par - All icons in the ElectroSet group have white backgrounds, not alternating white and grey.
\par 
\par - Mortars placed in Electro Post 02, or in the top sphere of Electro Post 01, end up a little too high. As a result, the horizontal \lquote electrical discharge\rquote  effect is not quite in the right place.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs16\ul Making Your Own Custom Scenery}{\f1\fs16 
\par 
\par If you would like to try your hand at making custom scenery, be sure to visit the Atari RCT3 general forum and look for JonWil\rquote s  threads. They contain all the information you need to get started. Hopefully as the community builds up more e
xperience, some  tutorials will be written to help guide folks through the process.
\par 
\par  
\par }{\b\f1\fs16\ul Redistribution}{\f1\fs16 
\par 
\par Please feel free to pass along the ElectroSet Setup file, or to host it on your web site, so long as it is not done for profit. Please include this ReadMe file so that other users will know how to use the set.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs16\ul Contacts
\par }{\f1\fs16 
\par If you have any problems or suggestions, please send me a PM at the Atari RCT3 forums. My user name is \lquote Klinn\rquote . Or send an email to Klinn AT Designamatic DOT com.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs16\ul Acknowledgements}{\f1\fs16 
\par 
\par First and foremost, major props to JonWil, who somehow managed to decode much of RCT3\rquote s file formats and create an incredibly useful Importer utility. Wouldn\rquote 
t it be nice if you sent him a PM at the Atari RCT3 forums expressing your thanks? If you want to learn how to build your own custom RCT3 objects, be sure to check out JonWil\rquote s threads in the general Atari RCT3 forum.
\par 
\par Thanks as well to many of the Atari forum regulars who have been experimenting with custom objects and sharing their experiences and information. In particular, Pumper, Marnetmar, Guybrush, and Miss O have helped clarify many things that puzzled me as I b
uilt the ElectroSet. In addition, there are forum members too numerous to mention whose enthusiasm and interest in this project kept me plugging away at it.
\par 
\par And finally, thanks to Frontier and Atari for creating such a fascinating game that just keeps getting better!
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par }}